Let's recap what we learned in this section of the course first we looked at the various ways that we
can specify color values in HVM all color values and each team can be specified by color name or G-B
value Orji a value HSF value HSLDA value and hecks value HVM else supports 140 color names that can
be used to specify its own distinct color for example HVM Owl knows the color names of red green blue
yellow orange etc to be their color values.
RG B stands for red green blue H T M L gives us the RGV function to create Orji B colors and we can
specify a value between 0 and 255 for each of the three parameters.
B.A stands for red green blue Alpha h female gives us the ARG VBA function to create R.G. colors.
Now the value is specified as a floating point decimal value between 0 and 1 H.S. L stands for hue saturation
lightness HVM l gives us the H S L function to create h s l colors.
We can specify the parameter as a value between 0 and 360 representing degrees on the color wheel.
The S N L parameters can be specified as percentages from 0 to 100 percent.
H S L stands for huge saturation lightness Alpha h t m l gives us the HSLDA function to create HSLDA
colors the alpha value is specified as a floating point decimal value between 0 and 1 hex stands for
hexadecimal hex color values are specified by using a hash tag or pound symbol followed by six or eight
values between 0 0 and F F if six digits are specified they are recognized as r r g g b b where the
two R's represent the amount of red and the color.
The two G's represent the amount of green and the color and the two B's represent the amount of blue
in the color.
If eight digits are specified they are recognized as R R G G B B A A where the two A's at the end represent
the alpha value of the color in the next section.
We will learn about embedding media and graphics in HMO.